Fix Secret capitalization and use code shortcode (#42550)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/configuration/secret.md

> ### Use case: dotfiles in a secret volume

Reviewer: Aside: this conflates “secret” with “hidden file”, and for that reason it's a poor choice for our first example.

This PR shouldn't be where we fix that, though.

  [ServiceAccount](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#service-account-tokens)
  and its tokens to identify your client.
- There are third-party tools that you can run, either within or outside your cluster,

>   that manage secret data. For example, a service that Pods access over HTTPS,

Reviewer 2: [nit] `manage Secret data` capitalization missing

Author: I read "secret" here as "sensitive data" and not "data in a Secret" but maybe that's a wrong assumption

Author: I changed the two instances of "secret data" to "sensitive data" to avoid ambiguity

Reviewer 2: Thank you!

>   that provide Secrets management. For example, a service that Pods access over HTTPS,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that provide secrets management. For example, a service that Pods access over HTTPS,
```
feel free to reword, but this is about [confidential things] not Secrets.

The following example configuration declares a service account token Secret:

> {{% code language="yaml" file="secret/serviceaccounttokensecret.yaml" %}}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{{% code language="yaml" file="secret/serviceaccount-token-secret.yaml" %}}
```

Below is an example for a `kubernetes.io/dockercfg` type of Secret:

> {{% code language="yaml" file="secret/dockercfgsecret.yaml" %}}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{{% code language="yaml" file="secret/dockercfg-secret.yaml" %}}
```

> The following YAML contains an example config for a TLS Secret:

Reviewer: Optional tweak:
```suggestion
The following YAML manifest contains an example definition of a TLS Secret:
```
